Give me a truth.
I'm sorry, what?
Your science says learn Bible truth.
So I assume you're here to share said truth, so share one.
My name's Nita, what's yours?
Jade.
Like the stone?
No, like I'm jaded.
Are you going to share something or what?
Um, yeah.
Did you know the Bible says you can live forever?
Heaven.
That's what you're sharing.
That's not exactly new, is it?
No, I mean, did you know the Bible says you can live forever on earth?
But why would I want that?
This place is a mess.
But it won't be in the future.
Revelation 21 verse 4 promises.
And tea will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more.
Neither will morning nor outcry nor pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.
Since there's no death or pain in heaven, where would this promise to play?
The earth.
I didn't know the Bible said that.
Wicked.
I mean, that's cool.
Oh, okay.
Would you like to learn how to be part of that future?
Uh, yeah.
Um, thanks.
Um, I'm not really the churchy type, and I'm late, so.
See you later.
So tell me.
Hi, again.
You're really quite stealthy.
Brilliant, right?
Perfect when I'm late for class.
Which is always.
Right.
So, last week, you spoke about promises.
And I'm not about church, but I am about promises.
So?
Okay.
Well, if these are gods' promises, wouldn't it make sense to go to his word to find out
how to enjoy them?
Seems right.
Okay.
This is John 173.
Would you like to read it?
Out loud.
Really?
Then you know what it says.
I do, but it's nice to hear it again.
This means everlasting life.
They're coming to know you.
The only true God.
And the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.
So, based on this, what means everlasting life?
Getting to know God.
But how can you get to know something?
You're not even sure it exists.
Would you like to explore that answer next time you come by?
Who said anything about next time?
Oh.
I'm just one of you up.
See you later.
Let's do this.
Bit of a neat freak.
You don't say.
So, last time we discussed how God created us to live forever.
Which raises the question, why do we die?
Totally.
Totally what?
No, like I mean, I totally agree.
That's what we talked about.
Right.
Let's open to Romans 5, verse 12.
Wait.
Why don't I read it out loud so we can both enjoy it?
That is why, just as through one man,
sin entered into the world, and death through sin.
And so death spread to all men because they had all sinned.
Okay, hold it.
Is Adam the one man?
Exactly.
This doesn't make sense.
You said Adam was perfect and wouldn't die.
That's right.
But then he sins and loses that.
So what's that got to do with me?
I die because he's stupid.
Well, maybe not how I would have put it.
Maybe we can think of it this way.
When parents with a severe genetic defect have children,
what happens?
Usually the kids inherit it.
Precisely.
When Adam sinned, that sin became like a genetic defect
that caused sickness, aging, and death.
And since we're all his children.
Oh.
Brilliant.
I get it.
Why don't we watch a little video that helps put it all together?
Need to your phone list.
It's Jade again.
We've only studied once this month.
She's so unscheduled.
I thought you said she was doing well.
She was.
Now it's just, see you later.
How was your last study?
That's a very interesting question, but
it's not really what we're talking about in this paragraph, is it?
So, let's just read the scripture, shall we?
In my defense, I was annoyed.
She never even attempts to explain why she can't solve.
I understand.
Really, I do.
But if she's still open to studying,
you can't let these little things drain your enthusiasm.
I know.
I just...
I wish she was more structured.
It's like she doesn't take anything seriously.
No study's perfect.
She's making some effort.
Focus on that.
If anyone's infusing us in miscontagious, it's yours.
I haven't mentioned it already.
I really love our chats.
And I appreciate all your questions.
Thanks.
I know sometimes they're crazy.
No, you're a deep thinker.
It's good.
For both of us.
Okay, um...
Yeah, we're cool.
My treat.
Oh, brilliant.
Thanks.
I didn't have any breakfast.
So...
We left off at paragraph 10.
Listen...
I don't have it in me today.
I got like two hours sleep.
You are right.
Just super stressed.
I can't focus.
I'm really sorry.
My boyfriend,
school,
work,
everything else.
I just don't even have time to breathe.
When my schedule gets a bit crazy,
I focus on organizing what I can.
How about that?
I give everything a proper place.
Yeah, I'm not really the organization type.
But I can help.
I mean,
if you want.
I guess a little help couldn't hurt.
So,
how to organize this your place right now?
Okay.
Well, where should we start?
You're the neat freak.
You tell me.
Let's try and find the bed.
We'll work from there.
Then can you more about what we talked about on Monday?
I did.
But,
why would you have a make a rule like that?
No sex unless you're married.
It's totally okay.
It might seem odd,
but what quality do you most appreciate about Jehovah?
Who's love?
Me too.
So, if he truly loves us,
look at what he tells us at Isaiah 48 verse 17.
I, Jehovah, am your God.
Your God, Jade.
The one teaching you to benefit yourself.
The one guiding you in the way you should walk.
I don't get it. It just doesn't make sense.
Question.
Does a little child always understand why mum and dad
warns them not to do certain things?
Probably not.
So, why all the rules and warnings?
Well, they love them, don't they?
And so, if Jehovah loves you,
it often takes time to appreciate why
Jehovah asked certain things of us.
But if we really love him,
we'll have faith that what he asks
is for the best.
The real question is,
do you trust him?
I won't do.
I really do.